Updated issue templates (#11)
svijaykoushik/curve2code: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/bug_report.md

**Additional context**
Add any other context about the problem here.

** Before you submit**
 - [ ] I have read the **CONTRIBUTING** guidelines

>  - [ ] I have checked the [issues](https://github.com/svijaykoushik/curve2code/issues) in the project and ensured that I'm not submitting a duplicate request

Author: ```suggestion
 - [ ] I have checked the [issues](https://github.com/svijaykoushik/curve2code/issues) in the project and ensured that I'm not submitting a duplicate bug report
```
